how about our other recruit you raring
to go
gonna put a little coffee in them but
you should be good
I know what time zone is this come on
try
Captain America mr. Wang
it's an honor I'm shaking your hand too
long
Wow this is awesome Captain America I
know you two you're great geez oh look I
want to say I know you know a lot of
super people so thanks for thinking of
me hey man what's up tic-tac uh good to
see you
look what happened last time was a great
audition but it'll it'll never happen
again they tell you what we're up
against something about some psycho
assassins we're outside the law on this
one
so if you come with us you're a wanted
man yeah well what else is new